Roulade sponge cake with apples
Biscuit roulade with apples is a simple, cheap and delicious cake
consisting of a large amount of juicy and sweet apples
sprinkled with delicious cinnamon
fluffy and delicate sponge cake
where we wrap a lot of apples into an effective-looking roulade
So we have an interesting look, a simple design and what is most important
an unforgettable taste, obtained literally from several ingredients
To make a biscuit roll with apples, the following ingredients are needed:
apples
eggs
sugar
wheat flour
baking powder
powdered sugar
cinnamon
First, peel the apple
Peel the peeled apples in the slices
Bake the baking mold with margarine
Then we put the baking foil to the form,
so that you can easily get the sponge later
and put the cut apples
We arrange as much as possible so that they take up the entire surface of the form
Then sprinkle with a lot of cinnamon
We separate the proteins from yolks
Mix the proteins and beat them into a stiff foam
We check if it falls out, if it does not fall out, it is almost compacted
Then add sugar, mixing at the same time
After pouring the whole glass, add one egg yolk
and we're still mixing
Finally, we sift the baking powder and wheat flour
and the whole mix, this time by hand
so that the ingredients are combined exactly
Pour sponge mass onto apples
it should be spread over the whole surface to cover all apples
Preheat the oven to 180 degrees and then reduce it to 160 degrees
and bake 30 minutes
After removing the sponge from the oven, sprinkle it with powdered sugar
he broke off the cloth easier
We cover it with a cloth and then rotate the form 180 degrees
We break the baking foil from the biscuit
and at the end we wrap in roulade
Leave about 10 minutes under the cloth
Then, remove the cloth and sprinkle with powdered sugar
and leave to cool
This is the final effect
Apple roulade is really delicious, simple
cheap in performance, it's worth doing
especially that now the apples are fresh
we wish you a tasty one, leave a comment under this film, we will be very pleased
Stay up to date with the latest recipes, do not miss new movies
subscribe to our channel on youtube.com/smasty recipes
See also other tasty recipes. Greetings.